# Processing-Called-By-Serial
The processing code that communicated via serial with arduino to call the videos. This works in conjuction with arduino and the videos have been ommited from this code. They are onfile if need as adjoining data. Place a request for acquistion. 

# About Media Machines
Media Machines is an interactive game for children created for a future reality in which the media has become even more pervasive. It is meant to teach children critical thinking skills through a variety of games which spark engagement on a physical, mental, and conversational level, and are facilitated and encouraged by teachers. Created as an open source hardware platform, the game we have made is a demo of what can be uploaded to this hardware for educational purposes. Young elementary school kids might simply play and learn, while older teens could develop their own stories and games to con- nect to the board.

In this project, the game/metaphor being played upon surrounds awareness of the bias created by the media, especially in light of the recent election and the conver sations that have sprung up about the media's role in the election outcome. The team roles of cats versus dogs is a subtle, less-contentious portrayal of politics simple and more appropriate for children as well. The various levels of the gameplay are like chapters of a story that are carried forward through synced button presses, LED feedback, and projected visuals of the cats and dogs. In the beginning, there is a degree of separation: the cats and dogs are not related to the players. By the end, players question if there is any separation at all: if the cats and dogs represent the players, how does the story play out in the arena of real life?
